Document json flag of gp top cmd (#2653)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/command-line-interface.md

## top

> Displays current workspace class info and the used and available CPU and memory.

Reviewer: (suggestion, non-blocking): I'd love to see  a small reword as not to use `and` thrice here.

```suggestion
Displays the current workspace's class info along with the used and available CPU and memory.
```

```sh
gp top
```

> You can also use `gp top --json` to get output in JSON format if you want to access them.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem to work now

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55068936/187121487-ad7238d0-f6e4-42e4-a4f5-b088f8a0fc7a.png)

Author: Ahh, sorry to not mention that the previous PR https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/pull/12338 is not merged and deployed yet. I'll convert this PR to draft and re-ready it after previous PR merged 🙏

Reviewer 2: Since https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/pull/12338 is merged now. We can merge this doc. also.

Author: We now only display `id` with `--json` flag. 

Only after workspace is deployed, we get `name` and `description` fields. And `gp top` will display one line on top like below
```
Standard (old): Up to 6 vCPU, 12GB memory, 30GB disk
```

Author: @Siddhant-K-code 👋 we can go with this PR now, since we are >= `gen64` now

```
➜  ~ gpctl clusters list
NAME                    URL                       STATIC        STATE            SCORE        GOVERNED        ADMISSION CONSTRAINTS
eu64                    <omit>        false         <omit>         <omit>            false           []
us65                    <omit>        false         <omit>        <omit>          true            []
```
